you guys love corn dogs but you hate the
bad reputation they have so this is our
fancy version now my everlasting memory
of a corn dog is standing in Santa
Monica beach from getting it from hot
dog stand and we got a corn dog for the
first time so we thought we've never had
it before and loads of people have told
us about them and wants to make it and
we ate it
well it wasn't brilliant it's a hot
salty hot dog in a kind of sweet corn
batter and that's what we do today but
we're gonna give it a spicy twist to go
that it haven't got quite socially sweet
element to it this is 50/50 polenta and
plain flour okay which is pretty
standard ratio an egg and then
buttermilk behind it it's also got
playful powder in there and sort bearing
in mind that plenty is cornmeal
you know that's where the corn comes
from okay but not enough so I think we
did a fancy one so we've also got a tin
of sweet corn so the sweet corn is going
to go into the blender with handful of
jalapeno peppers yes lysed
Chili Peppers and spring onions
so he did smell pretty good actually
it's very very simple yeah but that's
what's gonna make our basic corndog
batter spicy okay so that's gonna go in
there this is something good should we
go throw something up spicy or sweet and
actually those people said spicy yes
spicy got the winning vote as did beef
in the choice of hot dogs
so pork or beef two choices hot dog
traditionally I'd have said hot dogs
report yep because my expensive hot dog
this side of pond would be thanks
veggies
that's German they take mini pork
sausage these are beef waving over
next up when you could batter out dogs
so we have got all dogs the batter yeah
a couple of top tips one or glass full
of your choice a glass of your mix right
next up you take the dog you want to get
all the moisture off your dog so roll it
in corn flour yeah and what that would
do is double the moisture and help the
batter to stick and then push ace wooden
skewer down at the center now you've got
your gloves full of liquid it's really
easy that is a top tip that is a top top
tip make sure is completely covered and
then into oil at 180 degrees Celsius at
three or four minutes
there's probably a good time to talk
about why the hell they called dogs hot
dogs
did you know cuz I my dear I had no idea
it used to be because in Germany they
put dunk me in the sausages was that
true or just a rumor just a wave tales
Wikipedia true so sure enough I can
guarantee you these are beef no dog
involved as somebody said the ratio the
perfect ratio of porn book should be 8%
dog 20% batter and we sort of
occasionally just given up a roll in the
meantime we can make a dip to go with it
because dilution of corn dog might be
American mustard ketchup so I like
street food it's great for that we
missing bit different to play off our
sweet corn jalapeno flavors we're gonna
make a mayonnaise
with lime juice and fresh coriander you
can zest the line into there I can
indeed I'll chop up and coriander
oh I've really enjoyed about this
process of doing these these recipes
where we've got you guys involved is
that you've helped us create them and
actually they're better for it because
we've got influences from all around the
world and what people know is one corn
dog is looking from what somebody else
knows and we try to incorporate all of
that to create the best corn dogs ever
hopefully that's exact what these are
now but if they're not if you didn't get
your feedback in let us know down below
how would you have made this even better
give that good mixed up these are now
there so they can be fished out and onto
paper towel just to drain off excess
grease mmm then we think that this will
be our version of a corn dog but we want
to see what you've had have you had
something that looks completely
different as you've been served up in a
different way send us your picture
hashtag assorted all dog pop it up on
Instagram I'll come up onto the website
and we'll get to see what everyone's
done but for now these are done they are
a spicy corn dogs with coriander and
like mayonnaise sorted by something hot
now that is a tasty corner tasty corner
turn off kickin it has is the most
humble data and a nice sweetness extra
sweet core not just cornmeal but the
losses we caught you can't sit now but
looking yours there's not too much
better no it's not too thick and this is
a result of your requests and you guys
have me a shape what I think is the
ultimate oh yes oh thank you very much
if you've got any more comments keep
talking to us put them down below
put them on the website for them
everywhere and also the recipe is in the
link down below as well as make sure we
checked out
[Music]